docs: Organize gadget devel documentation (#3208)
inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget: docs/gadget-devel/hello-world-gadget.md

Reviewer: In section `## Creating a metadata file`:
Please add a link to metadata.md

## Building the gadget for the first time

> We can now compile our gadget. You don't need to have any dependency on the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can now compile our gadget. You don't need to have any build tools installed on the
```

Successfully pushed ghcr.io/my-org/mygadget:latest@sha256:dd3f5c357983bb863ef86942e36f4c851933eec4b32ba65ee375acb1c514f628
```

> For sake of simplicity this guide doesn't cover signing the gadget image, we

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the sake of simplicity this guide doesn't cover signing the gadget image, however, we
```

Now, the UID and GID columns have the expected format. Notice also that the MNTNS_ID column is
not showed because the template `ns` hides it by default.

### Closing

> Congratulations! You've implemented your first gadget. Check out our [documentation](./index.mdx) to get more

Author: Right. I think you reviewed an old version of the PR, this now points to "docs/latest/gadget-devel/"
